what's with the jeans disgusting
sriracha oh by the way before we are the
would you rather songs in a specific
folder okay so that's blue ban right
there in case you didn't blue yeah so
here's the would you rather tag so as
you know we have some copyright issues
we have
would you rather needs for a new song to
the introduction we also need it for
filler up the filler up is a I guess a
well known so I didn't know but it's a
well known oh yeah so that was really
good I thought so if you guys want your
song to be the official fill her up seal
her shut anthem submit send an email to
your mom's podcast at gmail.com and put
fill her up anthem in the subject line
same thing here for would you rather so
here's here's one that just came in here
let's see how it is this would mean that
you hear this and it's would you rather
time right
it's kind show it's pretty Joe nice I
kind of like it I like it it's good we
have any other ones yeah there should be
a couple more in here right okay would
you rather theme here's another
submission yeah the first one was great
but I think we need the energy to be a
little higher it's kind of a bag of
chips moment yeah you know it's full
horns it's chips in a bowl what's it
gonna be
yeah tick tock tick tock right that's
good like which do you choose right
right it's from Ryan Patrick the first
one was from Xavier nice nice and then
another one came in here another would
you rather submission let's see who is
it or not yeah that might be drink the
top layer
oh okay that was obviously not the
way I wanted to play that we had to
knock at the door and we needed to get
it so here it is again this is another
submission
so it's done this is it this is the one
anything yeah that's great
that's it they've got the right tongue
but listen they're all stupendous this
is just for a segment I think it's got
the tone it's got the upbeat 'no sweer
looking for in context to max Newman Oh
buddy of course crushing it again Newman
disguise homeruns always maximum much
this all he's come on now him actually
get your life you've been bro
you know I'm saying yeah max Newman he
did greasy II oh oh god he did I love I
could see an email from him right now we
all know way what genes he so I said
that I wanted to make a song called your
problems make my dick sauce right for a
long time he submitted something oh man
we missed it yeah he sent it like a
month ago
there should be my dad seems that is his
thing now this is awesome
unbelievable unbelievable box now that
really is it's amazing so good dude what
a talent this guy is well look I think
we're settled on that would you rather
although I want to thank Javier and Ryan
for their submissions those are really
good as well but let's focus on the fill
her up seal her shut yeah I need new
music for that I actually feel like it
wouldn't be bad if we can keep it in
that mariachi theme yeah I mean why not
stick to the roots
I think the roots of it are good some
some kind of Mexican late we're glad let
that Latin flavor would be fun money
money ID she is this specifically
Mexican yes yes yeah I like okay Pat I
like things that are funds like like a
box like hell